Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
You ready?
Oh. Not going.
Not dressing up like an adult.
Yeah. but we're
game-day players. Come on.
Let's go.
Okay.
I put on the clothes.
and I feel better
for a second.
like I'm somebody
with someplace to go.
but then I think
I'm a complete fraud
and they'll see
right through me.
A fine fantasy object.
but useful. too.
Shitting. sitting. insulation
in the winter months.
Sam...
MAN: Not an easy job market
but you're
the most sought-after
graduates in history.
Know your value.
Sell to the highest bidder.
Now. we know your...
ROBERT HANSON: Market share
of existing markets.
Nothing else matters.
You can talk
about your art history
your Derrida.
your la-dee-dah. your poetry
but in reality.
the moment you step outside
the magic circle
drawn around this institution
you are at
the mercy of market forces.
and nowhere will prepare you
more thoroughly
to harness those forces
for your own benefit
than McKinsey and
Company Consulting.
Remember.
follow the bouncing ball
to McKinsey.
You got to get
over to I-banking.
You won't buy workout clothes
for 10 years.
Somehow I don't see
you working in a bank.
Thanks.
I calculated the odds
of getting hired by McKinsey.
From Stanford or here.
it's about 500 to 1.
From anywhere else.
forget about it.
SAMANTHA: Why do you tell
me these things?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
LIEUTENANT: So...
How you doing?
I'm fine.
That could be
the most dangerous
lie you tell today.
Come on. Bill.
I've been back
for ten minutes.
Just put me to work.
I'll be okay.
I've got a Missing Persons.
Male. Caucasian. 24 years.
Name. Embry Larkin.
WADE: So. when'd this kid
go missing?
(SIGHS) Two years ago.
from the university.
Rich kid.
Dropped out. No family.
Some lawyer.
a trustee says he hasn't
touched his accounts.
Now tell me he was on
drugs and depressed.
Well. there is
a drug thing. yeah.
Come on. Bill.
He drove up north
with a couple of
rocks in his pocket.
He jumped in a lake.
Hey. we're not looking to hit
any home runs here. okay?
The kid had money.
It's going to get
investigated and you're
the right guy today.
You going to
give me a cruiser?
Mmm-mmm.
AUGUST: Boa. B-O-A.
My mother's been
to a snake church.
Did you say "snake church"?
Yeah. snake church.
Okay.
"Persian religious teacher."
Nine letters.
Zoroaster.
Great. Good and evil.
"My book is Genius."
Genius. capitalized.
He's a physicist.
I should know this.
-AMANDA: He had weird hair.
-Feynman. F-E...
I can spell Feynman.
F-U-C. Feynman.
I'm sorry.
(SIGHS) My McKinsey
interview is in 30 minutes.
Personally. I'm not a dog
that salivates every time
some I-banker consultant
rings his little bell.
Hey. um. Katie. um.
I love being friends.
in quotation marks.
It makes me so horny.
(CHUCKLING)
Knock it off. We are friends.
Hey. Katie.
Amanda. Sam. August.
So. um. we were just talking
about friendship and how...
How we'll all be selling out.
Sooner or later.
Some of us sooner than others.
HARRISON:
I don't know. you guys.
I think it's just really about
doing what makes you happy.
AMANDA: He's right.
Harrison. you're just so...
Hopeful.
Oh. thanks.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I already spoke
with two officers.
I'm not sure what
else I can tell you.
Right. right.
Well. those other
two detectives are
no longer on this case.
I am.
So. what makes you think
Embry Larkin is dead?
Purely account activity.
We haven't heard from him
in a couple of years.
He hasn't used any
credit facilities.
But this kid was
all over the map.
I mean. how do we know
he's not sitting
on some island
smoking Thai stick.
wearing a sheet?
He also had two first-class
airline tickets
to Athens. Greece.
that he never used.
It takes seven years
for a missing person
to be declared dead.
Now's as good a time as any
to get the ball rolling.
Right.
Well. who gets the money?
The Larkin Foundation.
All of it?
All of it.
Look.
his family was a client
of the original partners.
I don't know this kid at all.
MOUSY JULIE: Katie!
Hi. Katie Burke.
There is a message for you.
Your thesis advisor.
Professor Jergensen's office.
they said I should
find you. so I did.
Here's the message.
It says for you to come
to Jergensen's house.
That's scary.
How's your
thesis coming. anyway?
It's almost done. How's yours?
Turned it in.
JERGENSEN: Ms. Burke.
I'd like to have
you meet Wade Handler.
He's a police officer.
-Hello.
-Hi.
Mr. Handler has
a line of inquiries...
That's Detective. Professor.
Doctor. Detective.
Detective Handler
has a line of inquiry
that he's forcing
upon the college.
Force? Oh. no.
we don't use force.
Not in the People's Republic.
we ask politely.
Because the college is good
for the tax base.
which is good
for the community
which is good for everybody.
So. Katherine Burke...
-Katie.
-Katie...
I'm investigating a young man
who was a student here.
Embry Larkin.
Something happen to him?
Well. that's what
I'm trying to find out.
What was your relationship?
He was my boyfriend.
JERGENSEN: Detective.
this college is very proactive
about the privacy
of its students.
Oh. I understand. Doctor.
I'll be gentle.
So... He was your boyfriend?
He disappeared.
He left school.
or he left school?
Which?
Both. I think. I...
Haven't heard from him.
Not once?
Not even once.
Do you have any idea
where he might be?
No.
That's fine.
Thank you for your time.
Here's my card.
If you think of anything else.
just give me a call.
all right?
JERGENSEN:
How's your thesis coming?
I'm learning so much.
You have a draft for me?
Close. really close.
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Let's preserve
our older dorms.
Go home. leave it alone.
Let's preserve
our older dorms.
Go home. leave it alone.
Let's preserve
our older dorms...
How'd it go?
SAMANTHA:
I completely blew it.
There's tea
and stale pastries.
Don't. whatever you do.
take one.
I got crumbs all over
my cashmere sweater.
I won't be wearing
a cashmere sweater.
So I don't think
that'll be a problem.
Ooh. working-class hero.
good strategy.
They hated me. I could tell.
They want Vietnamese orphans
and engineers.
God. why wasn't I born
a Vietnamese orphan?
KATIE: This is so familiar.
"I blew it. I'm a loser."
and then. "Oh. look.
I got an A."
No.
I lost my concentration.
I wasn't
supposed to concentrate.
It was supposed
to be effortless.
And then.
I started concentrating
and becoming earnest
and then I started seeing them
as seeing me as seeing myself
as the type of person
who wants to appear earnest
which is completely wrong.
Do you hear what's
going on up here?
I hate wearing
these itchy things.
How do I look?
How do you think you look?
(CHOIR SINGING)
PROFESSOR: Headline.
"Composer of
questionable talent
"excoriates audience
for enjoying his music.
"In a bizarre
exercise in self-loathing.
"Senior Embry Larkin.
"winner of
the Leonard Bernstein Award
for Original Composition.
"stood up before his
latest theatrical production.
"Trip-Hop Inferno.
"and lacerated the audience
for their attendance."
He flipped off 200 people
and disappeared three weeks
before graduation.
He was already summa cum laude
and he says.
"Screw you and your degree."
It was exceedingly theatrical
and standard Embry.
What was standard about it?
Dropped out twice.
Once to work on some
archeological dig
in Cambodia...
Once to work in a factory.
I expect him to pop up
running La Scala
or the Berlin Opera.
What a guy.
800 math SATs.
3.94 GPA.
Thesis?
"Emerging Ancillary Markets
in the Global
Wireless Revolution."
I bet that's quite a read.
We're actually looking to
beef up our tech practice.
but then you
probably already knew that.
So. Katherine Burke...
Who are you?
Where do you come from?
I grew up in
the middle of nowhere.
The birthplace
of Wendell Willkie
is 20 miles away.
and that's about it.
My mom works in
a bottling plant
and sells Nutralife products
and my dad left
when I was little.
I never really knew him.
Hmm.
(CLEARS THROAT)
MAN: Tell us about a problem
you've encountered.
My guidance counselor
tried to keep me from
applying to good schools.
I thought she was my friend.
She said she understood me
and that I would be happier
staying close to home.
Junior college
or secretarial school.
She hated me.
MAN: What action did you take?
I invited a senator
who attended college here
to speak at our school.
MAN: And what was the result?
I got a strong
letter of recommendation
from a US Senator.
was accepted early decision
and they gave me
lots of financial aid.
And what did you learn
from this experience?
-Truthfully?
-Of course.
Mrs. Castleman
was a sneaky bitch.
(SNICKERS)
It was the first
time I was betrayed
by someone I trusted.
I looked up to her.
I didn't come close
to understanding the depth
to which she resented me.
I learned that
people who help me.
who invest in me
become my partners.
and my success
is their success.
That relationships
are symbiotic.
I learned responsibility
based on others' faith in me.
I hope to be able
to pay some dividends
to those investors.
How many pennies do you think
it would take
to fill this room?
With or without us in it?
(CHOIR SINGING)
Whoa! Whoa!
Stop!
Okay. that was appalling.
Sopranos.
this piece was written
by monks who believed in God.
They're singing
not to other monks
but to God.
They're singing
about God to God.
And you think
I'm a tough audience.
Okay. I'd like to
hear you. you and...
You.
Step down here.
From the beginning.
And...
(SINGING)
You and you.
And...
(SINGING)
You.
Again.
Sing.
(SINGING)
This is the spirit
dissolving in the music
carrying up to God...
Open up and let her rip.
Don't perform... Create.
Say. "Muse. I hate you.
but I hate you on my knees."
Scream.
"I am the infantile center
"of the goddamn universe!"
Everyone!
I am the infantile center
of the goddamn universe!
Now everyone!
(ALL SINGING)
(BED CREAKING)
(LOUD MOANING)
AMANDA: Are you
listening to this?
(MOANING CONTINUES)
Water polo or lacrosse?
Lacrosse.
Word is. you slaughtered it.
I talked to Brian.
whose brother dates
that cold fish. Susan.
Did you really call
some lady a bitch?
Slight exaggeration.
Yeah. they saw 60 people
and liked exactly two.
You and a North Korean girl
who speaks eight languages.
They said that?
Ms. Burke?
You sure work hard.
Listen. do you have time
for a cup of coffee?
No. I really don't.
(CHAIR SCRAPING)
(WADE SIGHS)
(VENT HISSING)
Steam heat.
The best kind.
Doesn't dry you out up here.
You're not a big one
for small talk. are you?
I mean. I get it. believe me.
A person can really
piss their life away
talking to idiots.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Do you think it's possible
this kid. Embry.
might have killed himself?
Nobody with
Embry's self-regard
would kill himself.
Nobody.
He would have
himself bronzed first.
In fact...
If you see
a statue of him somewhere.
check and see if
there's a person inside.
He hurt you that badly. huh?
It's none of your business.
Well. actually. it's my job.
so it is my business.
You know.
I'd love to just pal around
and talk about the past.
Really. I would.
But I'm actually
trying to move on
with my life right now.
Right.
I'll see you around.
SAMANTHA: We need to be
quiet in the library!
AUGUST: Oh. quiet!
(MEOWING)
Huh. 10:30 on a Friday night.
I wonder where Katie is?
I thought you
were entertaining
the lacrosse team.
I was being entertained
by the lacrosse team.
AMANDA: The global
wireless revolution will be
safe until tomorrow.
And the day after.
We're leaving.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
Want a blender drink?
No. blender drinks suck.
MAN: Whoo!
(LAUGHING)
Sorry.
SAMANTHA:
Look. it's a Siberian bear.
-Who paid for all this?
-What?
Who paid for all of this?
His dad was just appointed
Governor of Uttar Pradesh.
Evening. Mr. Bond.
-To Russia.
-What?
To Russia.
Yeah.
Match you.
-Again. Again.
-Again.
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Drink! Drink! Drink!
(ALL CHEERING)
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
KATIE: Right now...
Everything is so perfect.
I feel so connected.
Why don't we feel
this way all the time?
AUGUST:
Maybe I'll always wear a hat.
Hat guy.
The guy who wears the hat.
(LAUGHS)
Are you all right?
No.
Look. Katie. uh...
A cop stopped by my room.
He left a note.
He said he wanted
to ask questions about Embry.
He probably
talked to you first
and I was just hoping
it didn't upset you.
Harrison. my entire body
feels like rusting metal.
And I'm seeing things.
I think I might have
a chemical depression.
Come on.
You are not one
of those people.
What people?
The problem people.
You know. "Hey. look.
have you seen my new problem?
"Hey. guess what?
I got a shiny new problem."
You're not like that.
You're amazing.
No. I'm not.
Okay. you know what?
This is what we
should do first.
Let's get out of here.
There is a huge
anti-globalization rally.
We could camp out.
We could get arrested.
Just stand for something.
I'd like to go to sleep now
and when I wake up.
I'll stand for something.
Katie. it's not a joke.
Yes. it is!
Harrison. it's a huge joke.
Anti-globalization?
You might as well stop oxygen
or the sun coming up.
You know what?
You're really tired.
Um. yeah.
You're very tired
and. uh. I'm gonna go.
You know.
if you think about it.
please try not to forget
our plans this weekend.
Okay?
EMBRY: Let's talk about you...
About your yodeling.
Level with me.
You've never sung anything
before. have you?
I've sung...
In the shower. walking.
sort of under my breath.
Burt Bacharach. Johnny Mathis.
I wanted to meet you.
KATIE: Hey...
Uh. uh. uh.
You're a virgin.
Nobody this organized
ever had time for sex.
Okay. Katie from Rushville
if you have a voice. you sing.
Nobody ever said.
"If you had a voice.
"take finance."
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
What now?
Whoa.
is this a bad time. or...
No. I'm sorry.
I thought you
were somebody else.
That's good for me.
not for them.
So. we're having a little
event at an NBA game.
kind of a meet-and-greet.
It's fun. you know?
If you're into pretending
you're not under a microscope.
Do you like basketball. or...
I don't know.
Oh. Ah...
Sure. Um...
I'll come. I...
Thank you. It's exciting.
Uh. that's for you.
See you.
PROFESSOR:
Inability or helplessness
can have serious
psychological ramifications.
Powerless people become
either hostile or passive.
Neither is desirable.
We need to feel
that we are heard
and that justice
has been attempted
when we feel we
are unfairly treated.
Negotiation for
resolution of disputes
when your
actions prevent another
from achieving their goal.
This is apparently a conflict
of interest...
If we were to define goals...
Where is this?
It's not a theater.
Embry was interested
in non-traditional space.
This is under the theater.
EMBRY: (ON VIDEO)
My final production.
Middlebrow For Lowbrows.
But look.
we're under the stage.
like hell itself.
Isn't that brilliant?
It's derivative.
You people are derivative.
You haven't produced
a real artist
in over a decade.
and I would rather
be dead than mediocre.
So. one last announcement
before the show.
Screw this play.
screw this place
and screw you people.
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
And then he vanished.
like a magic trick.
Where do you think he went?
Word is. he had a car waiting.
Probably went to the airport.
I guess I haven't been feeling
like myself lately...
Whatever that means.
And I don't...
I don't know what
"myself" feels like.
It's subjective and
changes all the time.
Have you been feeling uneasy?
I'm having trouble
finishing my thesis.
Uh...
I'm having trouble sleeping
and when I do sleep.
I'm having these weird dreams.
DR. DAVID: Uh-huh.
You're exhausted. yeah?
Emotionally.
mentally
and physically?
Okay.
This should help you
with the anxiety. all right?
And I'd like to schedule
a regular time for us...
At least until exams are over.
Okay?
I just keep thinking
that the finish line
is right there
and if I can
just get across it.
then everything will be okay.
We'll get you across.
So. I'm going to see him now.
I guess. on a regular basis.
You just want to do him.
I know you.
You know you.
He is cute.
Mmm. Sort of.
He's not my type.
Smart. sensitive.
wants only to talk about you.
How is that not your type?
Sam. I can't read.
I can't sleep...
I'm sure Dr. Dave
will be able to give you
what you need.
I'm serious.
Okay. okay.
Um. did he sit behind
his desk or did he pull
his chair close to you?
Close to me.
Did he lean over like this?
Did he look into
your eyes like this?
-You're going to do him.
-Sam...
Come on. how long has it been.
sophomore year?
What if it's rusty or broken?
I still feel like
I'm betraying him.
Embry? Please.
What if Embry comes back?
He'd wreck your life
just like before.
WADE: Listen.
I want to tell you something.
I believe your
friend Embry is dead.
He had two airline tickets
for Athens. Greece.
Never used.
No credit activity.
He didn't believe in credit.
No cash withdrawals. No ATM.
Was that other ticket for you?
Were you going to Athens?
Originally. but we were
both having second thoughts.
Well. I saw
the beginning of that show.
His speech to the audience.
Look. that was just
Embry being Embry.
He was going for shock value.
He was leaving.
I was a sophomore.
I mean. I thought
that he would call from Europe
and maybe I would meet up
with him in the summer.
I never heard from him.
You have unusually kind eyes.
See you around. Detective.
I'm Wade Handler. I'm a cop.
Oh.
You don't have to share
if you don't want to.
I don't even know what to say.
I'd find tollbooth tickets
and credit card receipts
for bars in towns
I didn't think I'd been to.
One day I went out to my car.
and there's
a dent in the front.
I look closer.
There's blood
and some brown hair.
I still don't know
what happened.
Maybe it was a cat.
WADE: There was
an incident two years ago
involving an undergraduate
student and illegal drugs.
Right.
What do you want to know
about Embry Larkin?
Well. he got himself arrested.
I want to know
what he was selling.
Was it heroin?
Heroin? Embry?
-Are you kidding?
-I'm not kidding.
No. no.
he wasn't into that shit.
They put him on
Ritalin when he was three.
You know. your
standard ADD misdiagnosis.
Okay. um...
Basically.
he was taking Wellbutrin
which is sort of like having
a perfect cup of coffee.
You know.
it was great for work.
great for repetitive tasks.
Add in some Paxil
which is anti-depression.
anti-anxiety.
That general
sense of well-being.
Was he selling it?
Look. Embry's dad was rich
and Embry's mom was rich
and they died when
he was three or four
making him doubly rich. so no.
So. what'd it do?
Made him normal.
you know. when he took it.
(CART SQUEAKING)
WHISPERING VOICE: Katie...
(WATCH TICKING)
(GASPS)
(PANTING)
KATIE:
I heard my name whispered.
"Katie. Katie."
There was somebody
on the other side
of the row of books.
I think it was
my old boyfriend.
I think he's back.
I'm almost certain
I saw him in his car.
I think he's been watching me.
And how did
that make you feel?
Nervous.
elated.
scared.
I want to see him. but...
But I'm scared that
I want to see him.
Why do you say scared?
Because I lost
a part of myself with him.
I just dissolved.
He was like a drug.
And he was locked
inside the library with you?
I think so. yes.
But you hadn't
seen him in two years?
I know how this sounds.
Katie. you fell
asleep in an old library
which is terrifying under
the best of circumstances.
You're facing your graduation.
the completion of your thesis.
job interviews...
Life-changing transitions.
You need to make allowances
for the emotions
that this will bring up.
Yeah?
SAMANTHA: He convinced her
she could be an artist.
They were going to live
in a houseboat in Amsterdam.
a sailboat off
the coast of Sardinia.
He'd compose. she'd sing
and tell him he was a genius.
Please.
I'll have a double order
of escape fantasy
and a side of running away.
He was losing interest?
I saw it coming.
He'd replaced her in his show.
That bastard hurt her.
You know. she hasn't
dated anyone in two years.
Was he a jealous guy?
He didn't like her friends.
particularly the guy friends.
Particularly. one friend.
This guy. Harrison Hobart.
He felt threatened by me.
Katie and I are close.
and one day he was being
a bit of a bully
psychologically
and I said something.
He turned on me.
He just started poking me
in the chest with his...
With his finger until.
finally. I stopped backing up.
You know. I didn't realize
he had a bottle in his hand.
He put you in the hospital.
Yeah. well.
it was only overnight.
Why didn't you press charges?
If you had pressed charges.
Katie might've
held it against you?
Yeah. probably.
You see.
Embry didn't want to admit it.
but Katie and I have
much more in common
than the two of them did.
and he apologized. so...
What is your
relationship with Katie?
(SIGHS)
Man. I wish I knew.
You dating her?
I don't know. Well. sort of.
Well. either you are
or you're not. Right?
Is this about Embry
or is this about Katie?
(GRUNTING SOFTLY)
KATIE:
I remember my dad leaving.
Almost my first memory.
He said. "I love you.
"You can't come with me."
My mom turned the heat down
to 55 to save money.
I just remember this
feeling of emptiness.
Always being cold.
(SIGHS)
(KNOCKING)
Sam...
(HANDLE JIGGLES)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
Hey.
I hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
Oh. well.
big night.
I saw Embry.
I think he's back
and I think he's watching me.
Where did you see him?
I saw him outside of class.
I saw him get into his car.
You want to sit down?
You're kind of
making me nervous.
Are you afraid of him?
Is that why you're here?
I'm just afraid.
Okay.
I'll look into it.
Thanks.
You know. I'm not
really doing anything.
You're welcome to
hang out if you want.
Okay.
KATIE:
So. why did you become a cop?
Oh. I don't know.
I had some issues.
I was screwing up.
My uncle had a badge
and he cut me a break.
What kind of issues?
Extreme...
Extreme substance abuse.
-Being a cop help?
-Oh. no.
Uh-uh.
What do you mean?
Well. I got a pocketful
of Get-Out-Of-Jail-Free cards
and I never changed anything.
Then I used up all the cards.
Setting the foundation.
Recreational logging.
Squirrel.
Who took all these?
Self-timer.
Ex-fiancee.
She got tired of
The Handler Show.
Yeah. when things
start going too good
I can't help myself.
I got to mess 'em up.
It's my MO. anyway.
Finished product.
Excuse me.
Can you take me
home now. please?
HARRISON: Katie?
You scared me.
Harrison. I'm...
I completely forgot.
I'm sorry.
What am I...
What am I doing?
I'm a total idiot.
-I'm completely
deluding myself!
-No. you're not an idiot!
You're not an idiot.
Katie.
I got to tell you something
and I should've told
you a long time ago.
I think
you're kind.
beautiful
and talented and I...
I love you.
What?
(PANTING NERVOUSLY)
Uh...
I'm in love with you.
I think I've always
been in love with you.
Harrison...
But. you know. you don't
have to say anything.
You're great.
and you're kind and organized
and one of
the smartest people I know.
and anyone would be so lucky
to be with you.
Harrison...
(CLICKING SOUND)
(LOUD THUDDING)
(GASPS)
EMBRY: I go away for a while
and look what happens.
You let the whole
place fall apart.
The police are
looking for you.
I don't even want to talk
to the police right now.
You've been messing
with me for two weeks.
More like three.
You're proud of yourself?
You think this is fun?
Katie. look...
This...
This isn't going to work.
What happened to you?
Where have you been?
I went traveling.
India. Asia.
I lived and worked.
I made my own money.
I had to see
what was out there.
to know the value
of what is here.
The value of this.
Do you know what my
big goal has been?
It's been to stop thinking...
To not think...
To not think that every time
the phone rang it was you!
To not think that
every piece of mail
in my mailbox was from you!
To not think that every person
I'd see approaching was you.
I thought about
you every bit as much
as you thought about me.
I don't believe you.
Katie. I was afraid
to say this before.
I love you.
(CLACKING RAPIDLY)
MOUSY JULIE: Katie.
Hi. Katie Burke.
Do you know anything
about somebody
being in the tunnel?
Because the door was open
and it's not
supposed to be open
and it's to remain
closed at all times
unless you're maintenance
and you haven't been around
to ask about it
and I'm supposed to ask.
No. I don't. I'm busy.
(CLACKING RAPIDLY)
That's not very nice.
Should I tell you what I know?
I was going to. but now maybe
I've changed my mind.
What are you talking about?
Harrison Hobart is missing.
That's two. isn't it?
KATIE:
Embry is definitely back.
I know I should've
told you right away.
but I'm overdue on my thesis
which is essentially one long
string of endless numbers
and finals are coming up
and Embry has
always had a sort of
chemical aversion
to Harry Hobart
and I don't...
I don't know if he
would do anything.
I mean. he might. but this...
This whole experience
is so far out of my
normal range of things.
Okay. slow down.
Are you saying
that Embry might have
done something to Harrison?
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
I don't know why I feel
so comfortable with you.
I know that I shouldn't.
(SNIFFLES)
God. what am I doing here?
Hey.
It's okay.
No. it's not.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
WADE: If somebody told me
this was the rest of my life
I think I'd kill
myself right now.
This isn't
the rest of your life.
This is right now.
Yeah. well. right now
my friends are out
somewhere else
and they're
having a great time.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Your old friends.
(SIGHS)
Yeah.
I'm just blowing off steam.
I'm sorry. all right?
So what's up with
the Larkin kid. huh?
Apparently he had
a car waiting. a CTS limo.
It was supposed to take him
to the airport.
He never got in. Never used
the airline tickets.
The girlfriend says he's back.
What's this girl like. Wade?
What do you mean?
Is she a nice girl?
Yeah.
Smart?
What do you think? Yeah.
What about you. Wade?
Are you smart?
HARRISON HOBART SR.: Harrison
is a responsible young man
and we know he holds
you in high regard.
MRS. HOBART: He thinks
of you as a confidante.
This is so unlike him.
HARRISON HOBART SR.:
We're obviously very worried.
If there's anything at all
you could tell us...
I don't know
where Harrison is.
I'm as worried as you are.
HARRISON HOBART SR.:
This is difficult
for me to ask
and in no way am
I impugning you.
Was Harrison using drugs?
What?
He missed
his father's birthday.
Can you think of anyone
he might have gone to visit?
Any new friends.
people we don't know about?
Uh. Harrison doesn't
even drink coffee.
He worries about
damaging the instrument.
We're grasping for anything.
I'm sure that there
is some explanation.
KATIE: What do you
think you're doing?
Finding you.
Do you know where Harrison is?
The tree-hugger?
I don't really
keep tabs on him.
Have you seen him lately?
Wouldn't you like to know.
You piss me off
like nobody else.
you know that?
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
What you going to do about it?
I want you to
come away with me
to the country house.
Where is Harrison?
I'll tell you at
the country house.
MOUSY JULIE:
Sure he was in love with her.
Harrison's a good guy.
He mooned around.
but he was sweet.
He got his name
on scientific papers
when he was about 12.
So. what did he
know about anything?
Do you think it was odd
that he still liked a girl
who hadn't shown him any real
interest in over two years?
I thought it was
the opposite of odd.
Guys are drawn to her
like bugs around a bug lamp.
For four years. I've had
the privilege of watching it.
That bother you. Julie?
(SARCASTICALLY) Think you see
the horns of jealousy?
You got my angle?
You might want to ask yourself
why you're so
interested in her.
They think it's
a coltish vulnerability.
but it's just self-obsession.
The pea brain says.
"She needs saving."
And the pea brain says.
"I can save her."
And then she
doesn't notice them.
so they go crazy.
It's about the missing dad and
validation.
She just needs a friend.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR SHUTS)
Embry.
Embry!
SAMANTHA: Detective.
What are you doing here?
Oh. Right.
(CHUCKLING)
Stalking Katie. I remember.
Listen. I'm looking for her.
I think this kid.
Embry Larkin. is back.
Who told you that?
She told you
that Embry's back?
She's seen him?
Do you think she's
with him right now?
I know. I'll keep
asking you questions
and you keep
not answering them.
Look. I'm just
concerned about her.
(LAUGHS)
Detective. you seem like
a pretty good guy.
You do. you do.
Um. but Embry was
the love of her life.
Ouch!
He who snatched the maidenhead
from the maiden.
I shouldn't have said that.
Do you want to come upstairs
and have a drink?
(CHUCKLES)
Bad Samantha! Bad Sam!
I better go now.
(PIANO PLAYING)
You fell asleep.
It's been a long time
since I've watched you sleep.
(STOPS PLAYING PIANO)
(JIGGLES HANDLE)
(TAPPING)
Where were we?
No.
What did you do to Harrison?
(KATIE GRUNTS)
What did you do to him?
-(SCREAMS)
-(CLATTERING)
Evisceration.
Vivisection.
Drawn and quartered.
The quartering act.
Dismemberment.
And set him on fire.
You arrogant. preening bore!
(EMBRY GROANS)
Who are you
running back to. Katie?
Not the tree-hugger.
Not the townie cop.
You're already
the young professional.
Passionless. desiccated...
Smug.
KATIE:
He slipped that under my door
a couple of nights ago.
Where's the old place?
KATIE: Suite 408.
I'm sorry. I should
have told you sooner.
Can I keep this?
And I saw him again.
I went to his country house.
I told him I never wanted
to see him again.
Well. I want to see him.
I need to see this guy.
Detective.
will you do me a favor?
Sure.
SAMANTHA: I'm done.
Everyone's done.
I'm not done.
SAMANTHA: Detective!
You should arrest that man.
It's medicinal. Glaucoma.
I've got a prescription.
Just don't play
any Grateful Dead
or you're all going in.
(AUGUST SNICKERS)
Okay. we'll try not to.
(ALL CHUCKLING)
Hey. Jed. what do you say?
Hey. long time.
no see. Handler.
Listen. if you're not too busy
dipping into
the drug seizures.
you want to take
a look at these for me?
Do a little
compare and contrast
of the handwriting.
"My summer vacation.
Working for
a Supreme Court Justice."
I bet he got in.
Thanks. Jed.
Hey. Handler. are you happy?
You seem happy.
AUGUST: Last Chance Dance?
Yeah. that's where
they call the wonks
out of their cubbyholes
and try to mate them.
That would be you.
Wonks? I'm a scientist.
Pure science.
It's sexy.
Very sexy.
Yeah. you want to go?
AUGUST:
Did she just ask me out?
AMANDA: I believe so.
I'll go.
Katie! Oh. my God.
Look what came!
You got the job!
You got the...
I didn't look at this at all.
There's a card in it.
$10.000?
AMANDA: For what. shipping
all of your antiques?
KATIE: Airline ticket?
Bob?
Oh. come on.
Don't be one of those
annoying people who wins
then acts like
winning doesn't matter.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
You know. you could've told me
that Embry was back.
I know.
You're thinking about the cop.
aren't you?
Maybe.
Okay. visualize this with me.
You're down in New York
consulting with Lou Gerstner
or the head of GE
telling them how to buy
South American countries.
but on the weekends
you fly back up here
to hang out with the cop.
do cop things.
maybe go to cop mixers.
I like the cop.
Yeah. um. I can see that.
KATIE: How much money
do detectives make?
Didn't your mother tell you
that's a rude question to ask?
No. She was always
asking people that.
If I guess right.
do I get a prize?
Maybe.
A million bucks.
(LAUGHING)
I didn't want to insult you.
Oh. you're not
going to insult me.
Look. you don't do police work
for the money.
What do you do it for?
I don't know really.
Most people do it because
that's what their fathers did.
Is that what your father did?
He was a teacher.
Hey. Hey...
Oh.
I guess I was dreaming.
I was just having a dream.
What are you thinking about?
That I just woke
up next to a girl
that I don't really know
and I'm not hung-over.
How does that feel?
Like
free-falling through space.
Can I tell you something
and you won't get mad?
You don't seem
like a cop to me.
that happy doing it.
Can I tell you something?
I'm thinking about quitting.
What would you do?
I'd probably go up to my cabin
and hammer some nails.
figure out
the meaning of life.
Okay. I'll come.
I didn't ask you yet.
Sure. you did.
KATIE: I feel like
an anvil has been
removed from my ankle.
Finishing your thesis?
Finishing my thesis.
school. everything.
That's a good thing.
You know. um...
I know you're moving down
to New York after graduation.
and the transition
from school can be tough.
So I want you to know
you can always call me. okay?
'Cause I'm down
there a lot. and...
I mean. I was actually
wondering if maybe...
If I could call you?
I was nervous
about telling you
that I'm feeling better.
and that I won't be needing
to see you anymore.
Thank you for
making it easier.
-Hey. Handler.
-Hey. Jed.
-You really off the job?
-I really am.
You probably don't care
but the samples were a match.
The same person
wrote the flyer
and the college application.
Well. that's just aces. Jed.
You keep up the good work.
See you around.
Only thing is.
ink tests show that the note
was written two years ago.
not last week.
EMBRY: (ON VIDEO)
You people are derivative.
You're not viewing
a representation of hell.
You are hell.
You haven't produced
a real artist
in over a decade.
Screw this play
and screw you people.
(SIGHS)
Uh. the last time I checked.
a weekend lasted two days.
Am I wrong?
Did we switch
to a French workweek
while I wasn't looking?
Oh. look who's jealous.
Is there electricity
or will you be using the light
from the fireplace?
I don't mean to pry
but when do they want you
to show up at McKinsey?
I'm not sure.
Absolutely not.
What do you mean.
you're not sure?
I mean I don't know.
I haven't heard.
Okay. uh. listen.
Don't flip out.
but I'm thinking of
deferring it for a year.
What?
It's only a year.
I'm burned out. I'm tired.
What's this cop done to you?
He hasn't done anything.
Well. maybe
a little something.
He doesn't even know
this is what I'm thinking.
AMANDA: I think go with him.
So what if it takes up
a year of your life?
I mean.
God. everybody thinks
that everything has
to be so planned out
you know.
like our life is on a rail
and one misstep.
it all goes away.
Basically...
Who knows?
The last time you were this
irrational was with Embry.
Maybe that was
the last time I was happy.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
Well. so I just said.
"The hell with it."
Then I went and
climbed a mountain.
but I didn't
bring enough water.
So I got
a little disoriented.
and the state
police had to come
and pick me up.
It was really
more embarrassing
than anything else.
Whatever happened
with that cop. right?
Because he was kind
of sweet on you. or...
Um. I don't know.
I think he's in New Hampshire.
Oh.
Well. New Hampshire's nice
this time of year.
Come on. come on.
It doesn't like to move
the large numbers.
Did you ever think
you'd be up this late
restructuring a media company?
I thought I was
going to be a rock star.
(BOTTLE SMASHES)
(BEEPING)
(ALARM SOUNDS)
(SMASHING)
(KATIE GROANS)
I won't make stupid threats.
but you're not going
to run away with this guy
because wherever you go.
I can follow you...
Even if it's to the woods
in New Hampshire.
(CHOKING)
(WHISPERING)
Why don't you yell?
Come on. I dare you.
Hey. hey. are you okay?
What's the matter?
Let's just leave.
What happened?
He was here.
Who? Embry?
Well. where is he?
Where'd he go?
WADE: I'll take care
of this right now.
No. don't.
That's what he wants.
He'll hurt you.
Just wait here.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
Why don't you join us?
You're going to be great.
(CREAKING)
You shouldn't be in here.
I'm coming with you.
WADE: Well. where do you
think he is?
He's right there.
WADE: Hey.
Embry. stop!
I want to talk to you!
Hey. Embry?
Come on out.
I'm a police officer.
I've got a gun.
I don't want to hurt you.
KATIE: Embry?
Hey.
I heard what
you said up there.
It was amazing.
It was an
incredible performance.
I wasn't acting.
But we're leaving together.
Stick with finance. Katie.
It's what you're good at.
Embry!
Embry. wait!
We're leaving together.
You think I'd
take you to Europe?
You'd just stand
around awkwardly
and I'd feel sorry for you.
I love you!
Really?
We made love right over there.
EMBRY:
And now I can't get away
from you fast enough.
Embry!
EMBRY: Look at you.
You have no grace.
What are you doing?
Crazy bitch.
You can't come with me.
Embry. why are you doing this?
Look at me!
-Embry!
-Katie!
There's no one there.
There's no one.
No one.
We're not going
away together. are we?
to New Hampshire
together. are we?
We'll get you help. okay?
-I want to come.
-No. Listen.
I want to go with you.
You'll be okay.
-I want to go with you.
-Katie. you can't
come with me.
(GROANS)
KATIE: Look.
That's pretty.
There's snow on the roofs.
Katie. listen.
(SIGHS)
I'm this close
to making partner.
We both know the rules
about interoffice romance.
I wish we could
keep seeing each other.
but it's just
not worth the risk.
I hope we can
still be friends.